.SH SYNOPSIS
.RS
.PP
\f[B]ima\f[] [ \-o | \-\-min\-score \f[B]SCORE\f[] ] [ \-a |
\-\-auto\-name ] [ \-w | \-\-overwrite ] [ \-k | \-\-no\-color ] [
\-\-version ] [ \-l | \-\-image\-link \f[B]OUTPUT_FORMAT\f[] ] [ \-e |
\-\-engine \f[B]ENGINE\f[] ] [ \-x | \-\-retries\-per\-sites
\f[B]NUM\f[] ] [ \-s | \-\-search\-only ] [ \-q | \-\-more\-lines ] [
\-u | \-\-number\-sites \f[B]NUM\f[] ] [ \-n \f[B]NUM\f[] ] [ \-p |
\-\-no\-progress\-bar ] [ \-i | \-\-ignore\-domains \f[B]DOMAIN\f[] ] [
\-v | \-\-verbose ] [ \-r | \-\-retries \f[B]NUM\f[] ] [ \-t |
\-\-timeout ] [ \-d | \-\-dest\-dir \f[B]DEST_DIR\f[] ] [ \-h | \-\-help
] [ \-m | \-\-image\-count \f[B]NUM\f[] ] \f[B]QUERY\f[] [..QUERY]
.RE
.RS
.PP
Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.
\f[B]\-v \-\-verbose\f[] > Print status messages to the standard output.
\f[B]\-n\f[] NUM > Print NUM results obtained from the
\f[C]\-s\\\[aq]\ or\f[]\-i\[aq] option or download NUM images when
neither of these options were specified.
\f[B]\-p \-\-no\-progress\-bar\f[] > Disable download progress bar.
\f[B]\-i \-\-ignore\-domains\f[] DOMAIN > A comma separated list of
domains to ignore on search results.
\f[B]\-m \-\-image\-count\f[] NUM > Set NUM as maximum number of image
links to be extracted from a website.
\f[B]\-h \-\-help\f[] > Print this help text and exit.
\f[B]\-r \-\-retries\f[] NUM > Number of retries before giving up if any
connection fails.
\f[B]\-t \-\-timeout\f[] > Set connection timeout.
\f[B]\-d \-\-dest\-dir\f[] DEST_DIR > Specify the destination directory
were downloaded files will be stored, default to the current working
directory of the executing program.
\f[B]\-\-version\f[] > Print program version and exit.
\f[B]\-l \-\-image\-link\f[] OUTPUT_FORMAT > Output image links instead
of downloading them.
You can use the following specifiers to format output:
\f[C]{s}\\\[aq]\ represents\ the\ score\ of\ the\ given\ image,\f[]{d}\[aq]
its description, \f[C]{l}\\\[aq]\ its\ url,\f[]{e}\[aq] its file
extension and
\f[C]{w}\\\[aq]\ the\ url\ from\ which\ the\ image\ link\ was\ extracted\ e.g:\ we\ can\ for\ example\ format\ our\ output\ as\ such\ \-\->\ "image\ {l}\ has\ score\ {s}".\ **\-a\ \-\-auto\-name**\ >\ Auto\ generate\ a\ new\ file\ name\ if\ a\ file\ name\ already\ exist\ in\ filesystem.\ **\-w\ \-\-overwrite**\ >\ Overwrite\ existing\ files,\ This\ option\ is\ in\ conflict\ with\ the\f[]\-a\[aq]
option.
\f[B]\-k \-\-no\-color\f[] > Disable ANSI colors \f[B]\-o
\-\-min\-score\f[] SCORE > Define mininum score for images.
This option should not be used with the
\f[C]\-s\\\[aq]\ option.\ **\-u\ \-\-number\-sites**\ NUM\ >\ The\ number\ of\ websites\ to\ visit\ from\ the\ search\ results.\ **\-q\ \-\-more\-lines**\ >\ Wipe\ out\ download\ progress\ after\ download\ has\ finished\ **\-x\ \-\-retries\-per\-sites**\ NUM\ >\ Number\ of\ retries\ per\ sites\ if\ any\ connection\ fails.\ **\-e\ \-\-engine**\ ENGINE\ >\ Comma\ separated\ list\ of\ search\ engines\ to\ use,\ possible\ search\ engines\ are\ duckduckgo,\ google,\ and\ yahoo.\ Engine\ defaults\ to\ "duckduckgo".\ If\ more\ than\ one\ search\ engine\ is\ specified,\ cycle\ through\ when\ connection\ fails\ too\ much.\ **\-s\ \-\-search\-only**\ >\ Query\ search\ engine\ and\ output\ search\ results\ only.\ This\ option\ is\ in\ conflict\ with\ the\f[]\-l\[aq]
option.
.RE
.SH AUTHORS
.RS
.PP
tcheukueppo <tcheukueppo@tutanota.com>
.RE
.SH BUGS
.PP
Presumably.
Report them or discuss them at:
.RS
.PP
https://github.com/tcheukueppo/ima/issues
.RE
.SH COPYRIGHT
.RS
.PP
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later
<http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.RE
